support: Clearify when to use the forum (#822)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/operations/support.md

# Support

> For FlowForge customers, there's two ways to get support, through support tickets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For FlowForge customers, there are two ways to get support, through support tickets
```

or go to the community forum. Where to go when is described below.

| Topic | Support venue |
|---|---|
| Billing | [Support ticket][support-tickets] |
| FlowForge Application | [Support ticket][support-tickets] |

> | FlowForge Feature Requests | [FlowForge reposity](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FlowForge Feature Requests | [FlowForge repository](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/issues) |
```
